       ctype ?-failindex var? class string
              ctype  determines  whether  all  characters in string are of the
              specified class.  It returns 1 if they are all of class,  and  0
              if  they  are not, or if the string is empty.  This command also
              provides another method (besides format and scan) of  converting
              between an ASCII character and its numeric value.  The following
              ctype commands are available:

              ctype ?-failindex var? alnum string
                     Tests that all characters are alphabetic or numeric char-
                     acters as defined by the character set.

              ctype ?-failindex var? alpha string
                     Tests  that  all  characters are alphabetic characters as
                     defined by the character set.

              ctype ?-failindex var? ascii string
                     Tests that all characters are an ASCII character (a  non-
                     negative number less than 0200).

              ctype char number
                     Converts  the  numeric value, string, to an ASCII charac-
                     ter.  Number must be in the range 0 through  the  maximum
                     Unicode values.

              ctype ?-failindex var? cntrl string
                     Tests  that  all characters are ``control characters'' as
                     defined by the character set.

              ctype ?-failindex var? digit string
                     Tests that all characters are valid decimal digits,  i.e.
                     0 through 9.

              ctype ?-failindex var? graph string
                     Tests  that  all  characters within are any character for
                     which ctype print is true, except for space characters.

              ctype ?-failindex var? lower string
                     Tests  that  all  characters  are  lowercase  letters  as
                     defined by the character set.

              ctype ord character
                     Convert  a character into its decimal numeric value.  The
                     first character of the string is converted to its numeric
                     Unicode value.

              ctype ?-failindex var? space string
                     Tests that all characters are either a space, horizontal-
                     tab, carriage return,  newline,  vertical-tab,  or  form-
                     feed.

              ctype ?-failindex var? print string
                     Tests  that  all  characters are a space or any character
                     for which ctype alnum or ctype punct  is  true  or  other
                     ``printing character'' as defined by the character set.

              ctype ?-failindex var? punct string
                     Tests that all characters are made up of any of the char-
                     acters other than the ones for  which  alnum,  cntrl,  or
                     space is true.

              ctype ?-failindex var? upper string
                     Tests  that  all  characters  are  uppercase  letters  as
                     defined by the character set.

              ctype ?-failindex var? xdigit string
                     Tests that all characters are valid  hexadecimal  digits,
                     that is 0 through 9, a through f or A through F.

              If  -failindex  is  specified, then the index into string of the
              first character that did not match the class is returned in var.
