       infox option

              Return  information  about Extended Tcl, or the current applica-
              tion.  The following infox command options are available:

              version
                     Return the version number of Extended Tcl.   The  version
                     number  for  Extended  Tcl  is generated by combining the
                     base version of the standard Tcl code with another number
                     indicating the version of Extended Tcl being used.

              patchlevel
                     Return the patchlevel for Extended Tcl.

              have_fchown
                     Return  1  if  the fchown system call is available.  This
                     supports the -fileid option on the chown and  chgrp  com-
                     mands.

              have_fchmod
                     Return  1  if  the fchmod system call is available.  This
                     supports the -fileid option on the chmod command.

              have_flock
                     Return 1 if the flock command defined,  0 if  it  is  not
                     available.

              have_fsync
                     Return  1  if  the fsync system call is available and the
                     sync command will sync individual files.  0 if it is  not
                     available  and the sync command will always sync all file
                     buffers.

              have_ftruncate
                     Return 1 if the ftruncate or chsize system call is avail-
                     able.   If  it  is,  the ftruncate command -fileid option
                     maybe used.

              have_msgcats
                     Return 1 if XPG message catalogs are available, 0 if they
                     are not.  The catgets is designed to continue to function
                     without message catalogs, always  returning  the  default
                     string.

              have_posix_signals
                     Return  1  if  Posix  signals  are  available  (block and
                     unblock options available for the signal command).  0  is
                     returned if Posix signals are not available.

              have_signal_restart
                     Return  1  if restartable signals are available (-restart
                     option available for the signal command).  0 is  returned
                     if restartable signals are not available.

              have_truncate
                     Return 1 if the truncate system call is available.  If it
                     is, the ftruncate command may truncate by file path.

              have_waitpid
                     Return 1 if the waitpid system call is available and  the
                     wait  command has full functionality.  0 if the wait com-
                     mand has limited functionality.

              appname
                     Return the  symbolic  application  name  of  the  current
                     application  linked with the Extended Tcl library.  The C
                     variable tclAppName must be set  by  the  application  to
                     return an application specific value for this variable.

              applongname
                     Return  a  natural language name for the current applica-
                     tion. The C variable tclLongAppName must be  set  by  the
                     application  to  return an application specific value for
                     this variable.

              appversion
                     Return the version number for  the  current  application.
                     The  C variable tclAppVersion must be set by the applica-
                     tion to return an  application-specific  value  for  this
                     variable.

              apppatchlevel
                     Return the patchlevel for the current application.  The C
                     variable tclAppPatchlevel must be set by the  application
                     to  return  an  application-specific value for this vari-
                     able.
